I also need to mention the page the memo is whitespace collapsing and you're probably first question
is whitespace.
What and what does that mean.
Well whitespace collapsing means that the memo is just going to ignore extra spaces.
Now it's gonna be easier for me to show you than talk about for three hours.
So first of all let's say that there's gonna be a hearing 3 that will be on top of the program and in
the heading three I would like to write Hello World War I would decide that things are gonna be better
for my website.
I'm gonna add like and I know whatever amount of spaces in between.
Now what do you think is gonna be rendered on the right side in the life server.
I'm only gonna say this.
Check this out.
All the extra white spaces were ignored by the email.
Now the same would work if I would try to create some space in between the adding 3 and paragraph.
Again we can test it out the same way.
The moment I'm gonna save it nothing is going to change on the right side.
And not because there's some error or the life service not working but because of the simple fact that
the email is ignoring all this whitespace.
Now the point of this is that in HDMI if we would like to create spaces in between the elements or within
the elements we need to use special HDMI elements.
Now look at them a little bit later.
But again if you have been testing it out and if you're confused why if you're adding a space in between
it's not working.
The reason for that is HDMI all is whitespace collapsing.